What? How?
Manager Zhou, I said it
He's just a grandstanding clown
Hurry up and let someone throw him out.
Brush again.
Fake is fake
What if you brush it again?
I see, the people from the Li Group will come later.
Why are you on your knees begging for mercy?
Manager Zhou
You don't really want to hear this kid
Brush it again.
Maybe something went wrong.
The stakes are high.
Don't be hasty
Let's brush it again.
Haha Manager Zhou
Why don't you brush it again?
Maybe it's really your poison card that's pissed off
No, nothing else.
This card is fake
Explain
I can guarantee that this card is absolutely fine.
So what do you mean?
There is a problem with our card reader.
It may also be that your frontline is not enough
Absolutely no problem with the card reader.
As for the authority you mentioned
I am the manager of the sales department.
There is no card that I cannot verify.
Manager Zhou, are you so sure?
This gentleman
Since you can't give a reasonable explanation
Then please cooperate with me
Somebody take him down
I see who dares
This is Li's Group Asphalt City D President